# Telegram-Chatbot-for-Financial-Analytics-and-Information-Delivery
An analytics project for providing financial knowledge, risk profiling, and suggestions using popular machine learning algorithms and web scraping techniques through the Telegram bot interface.

### Tools and Technologies
Jupyter Notebook, Python3, Web Scraping, Selenium Automation, Chrome Web driver, Machine Learning Algorithms, Telegram

### Abstract
This project aims to predict the future value of the financial stocks of a company. The main idea of the conducted survey study is to bring out the ideas related to the existing solution, while having the best accuracy and least error with appropriate parameters for the stock market prediction and information retrieval with a very affordable and approachable system for financial planning, risk profiling and stock prediction in one platform as a one-point destination for financial information and analytics. A recent survey by Script box of one of the major asset management companies, which is also an online mutual fund platform, found that about 72 percent of Indians are not aware of how to put aside their investments in order to achieve Financial Freedom. This includes people having no knowledge about personal finance, including risk profiling and investment instruments like stock market here. We are choosing stock market since this is one of the best instruments for our investments to work towards achieving Financial Freedom. In stock market prediction, the main aim is to predict the future value of a financial company stock. This has been done previously by few of machine learning algorithms, but our project is aiming on achieving fundamental analysis, rather than only technical where only previous closing values are taken to account. Whereas, in fundamental analysis we take into account a few more attributes including in earnings of the company before tax, Return on equity and few other factors.